[gasps]
[Dimple] Shigeo, relax! Just try
to stay calm! Look into my eyes, will ya?
[gasps] Listen carefully. I can tell
these aren't real bodies, okay?
They're only dummies!
Some Esper probably put them here
to try and fool you!
Come on, Dimple.
You expect me to believe that?
[grunts] Think about everything
that you've seen!
It's totally possible!
Mob, they're still out there!
[high-pitched ringing]
[fire crackling]
-I found them.
-[Dimple] Did he just learn a new power?
-Let's get those guys!
-Thank you.
You stopped me. You brought me back.
Hey! No time for that. We have to go
and find those guys! Don't we?
Of course. I'm going to get
all three of them back right now.
Whoever did this is gonna pay.
It doesn't matter how far they run.
OBSESSION
[punk Claw member] Is there a point
to setting the place on fire?
Makes it obvious that the situation…
-[yawns]
-…has been dealt with.
[gasping]
-[woman] What was that?
-[man] A meteor?
[Claw member] What the hell?
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive! The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
SHOW ME WHAT YOU'VE GOT
~BAND TOGETHER~
-[man cackles]
-Huh?
You must be Hanazawa.
Hanazawa? Oh, the guy that lives downsta--
Telekinetic Explosion!
[cackles]
[Claw member] I know you.
You're our target, that middle-school kid.
How the hell did you find out
about us, you little brat?
Well, whatever. You can die here.
[grunts]
Wow! You're fairly resilient!
Huh? [grunts]
-Where did you take my family?
-Ah, tough guy, are ya?
Well, either you'll die from my powers
of electrocution,
or I'll die trying to kill you!
Not interested.
Use something other than electricity.
-[punk Claw member yells]
-Is this really all you can do?
You're free to go.
[exclaims]
[Mob] So, maybe you're the guy,
then. Show me your powers.
[scoffs] Got a bad attitude, kid.
If you're that desperate
to see my powers,
I'll show 'em to you! [yells]
[man] Some old guy
and a middle school kid are fighting!
[Claw member] I have indestructible armor
made out of energy.
See? I put that up and beat the crap
out of my enemies. It's kinda my thing.
[sighs] Seriously?
Could you guys quit wasting my time?
Looks like you've got a decent barrier,
too. Is that your power, kid--
-[groans]
-[Mob] That's enough!
-[grunts]
Show me the power
that creates those dummies!
Do it! Show me!
Why did you bastards attack my house?
-[man] Somebody call the police!
-You've got the wrong idea about us.
We were on our way to attack your house.
We hadn't done anything yet. [groans]
What did you say? Hey!
Nobody said you could pass out!
Talk to me!
-Damn it.
-[punk Claw member laughs]
-I spoke to the upper echelon.
-[gasps]
You're totally screwed now.
Say your prayers, kid. [laughs, grunts]
This isn't good.
That means there are more Espers
headed this way.
I think we should--
These two had no information
on what happened.
If they have more friends coming,
I'll just ask them instead.
[Dimple] Hmm.
-[eerie music playing]
-An umbrella?
-[tires screeching]
-[boy] Woah!
-[Dimple] Huh!
-[car horn blares]
[gasps]
Hey, you little punk. Are you in trouble?
[Koyama] Ease off the murder vibe.
Nobody here's trying
to start anything with you.
FORMER CLAW 7TH DIVISION MEMBER
KOYAMA
-Right?
-Listen.
FORMER CLAW 7TH DIVISION MEMBER
SAKURAI
If you've got questions, just ask.
I assume you're taking me
wherever my family is, correct?
What, your family? Sorry, no.
[Sakurai groans]
Then I have no reason to go. Let me out.
Wait! Your family's not there,
but your friends and master are!
Reigen's there?
Why didn't you say so? We need to hurry!
[Koyama] Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute!
Take it easy! Stop!
-[whimsical music playing]
-[Koyama groans] I'm gonna throw up.
[Sakurai] At least we know
no one followed us.
Hey. We got him here.
Shigeo Kageyama. Long time no see, kid.
I trust you haven't let yourself go.
I know when we last met, we were rivals.
But I look forward to working with you.
What the-- What kind of group is this?
Mob, you all right?
Master. My home is-- My family…
[Reigen] Sit down. Talk to me.
Let him rest. I can fill you in
on everything that happened.
CURRENTLY EXPLAINING THE SITUATION
I see.
Dimple. A word, please?
Sure.
[Reigen] Did you just freak out
and lie about the dummies?
[Dimple] Kinda, but I do
have reasons to believe it.
[Reigen] Man, you must've
really been panicking.
If Mob finds out you lied,
he's gonna hate you forever.
[groans]
Hey, Mob. We need to talk.
[grunts] Hang on, are you gonna tell him?
'Cause if he finds out
the truth, then he might…
[Reigen] Mob. About what Dimple said…
I think your family is safe, too.
[gasps]
Those Esper guys were still
on their way to your house, right?
Someone must've found out they were
in danger and rushed over to save them.
They started the fire
and made them look dead
so they wouldn't be targeted anymore.
-Isn't that great?
-[gasps]
[exhales weakly]
[sighs]
[chimes]
[snores]
The moment he relaxed,
he fell fast asleep.
Now it's your turn
to tell me what's goin' on.
What the hell brought
this group together, anyway?
Aren't these guys from Claw?
TSUCHIYA
We're all former members
of the 7th Division of Claw,
to be precise about it.
After being annihilated
by a group of middle school kids,
we realized just how foolish we all were.
MUKAI
MURAKI
MOLE
[Muraki] And now, we're all trying
to put those days behind us
and begin a new life.
Just like Master Reigen does,
we're trying to find ways to use
our powers for the good of society.
But the organization
doesn't let traitors walk away.
[Sakurai] We knew they'd come
after us sooner or later,
but this was a lot faster
than we anticipated.
TERADA
They launched coordinated attacks
on all of us simultaneously.
-I'm just impressed you survived.
-Who do you think we are?
We're former Scars,
so we can handle it. Right, Tsuchi?
Yeah. But the real battle begins
when the guys from HQ show up.
After that, we realized if we're going
to stand a chance against them,
we need to make sure
we have a good leader.
Smart choice. And naturally,
that led them to my door.
Shut up. It's better that way.
When Master Reigen put the TV
and media people in their place,
we thought it was a genius move.
He sees the bigger picture
and makes things happen.
The exact qualities we're looking for.
[Dimple] Are they serious?
Talk about misguided.
Wait, didn't Claw come after you, too?
Yeah, my office was destroyed.
Fortunately for me, I just happened
to be away the moment it was incinerated.
With the flood of new clients
my TV appearance brought me,
I thought I'd invest in some renovations.
That's my office,
by the sign on the building.
The one that's burning.
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
[Reigen] So,
those renovations will have to wait.
After that, the former Claw guys
picked me up.
I was already exhausted from the marathon.
Man, talk about a crappy day.
[sighs] Makes me wonder
if Teru's doing okay.
-Oh! I got a message from him earlier.
-[gasps]
-He said he's just fine.
-[Go, Takeshi grunt]
THEY EXCHANGED EMAILS
-[Go] When did that happen?
-[both] This sucks.
So, what are you guys doing here?
After what happened
with the 7th Division,
we're trying to lay low.
Mitsuura called and said he'd prepared
this hideout for us.
I can't believe there are so many Espers
in one spot! This is so freakin' cool!
Oh, him.
-[all gasp]
-[Takeshi, Go] Teru!
Hey. Well, it looks like
the gang's all here.
[Claw member] You fools!
If you punks think you can make me talk,
then you're dead wrong,
you understand me?
I'm a member of Claw-- [yelps]
[Terada] Is that so? Stop resisting.
Nobody can endure this torture.
[gasps] Sorry. I'll talk!
The boss has been going around the world
scouting powerful Espers
until the other day
when he said that he finally had
all of the soldiers he needed!
-I see.
-[coughs]
Gathering Espers
from around the world, huh?
[Claw member] Don't tell me you idiots
still plan on facing us
after hearing that!
We've got an army of powerful-- [groans]
Master Reigen. What should we do now?
[scoffs] There's no way
we're just gonna let this slide.
Let's report them to the police.
[gasps]
[car horns blaring]
[Joseph exhales deeply] Amazing isn't it?
This whole civilization…
CLAW FOREIGNER SQUAD
JOSEPH
…was built by ordinary humans.
I'm so excited.
I can't wait to destroy it.
CLAW FOREIGNER SQUAD
UDO
That is why we came
to this country, isn't it?
[scoffs] Not me.
I came for the money.
-[mystical music playing]
-[Toichiro] Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you all for gathering
on this historic day.
For those of you who don't know,
I'm Toichiro Suzuki, the leader of Claw.
The time is finally upon us.
We are about to declare war
on the entire world.
After 20 years, I finally have the funds
and manpower needed to wage this battle.
Our revolution will begin
with destruction.
CLAW
The annihilation of everything
that people built and hold dear.
Let us show the powerless that our kind
will no longer hide in the shadows!
[Claw members cheer]
Huh. World Domination.
Seems pretty ambitious to me.
-Are the preparations complete?
-There's nothing I need to prepare.
[static crackles]
-[member 1] What are they doing?
-[member 2] Is that a camera?
[static crackles]
You're now live on every channel.
[narrator] Hatori's psychic ability
allows him…
ULTIMATE 5
HATORI
…to infiltrate and control systems
dealing with electronic devices or waves.
And he has no idea
how it actually works.
Wow. He's good.
[Toichiro] Attention.
We are an organization of Espers
known as Claw.
We've taken over the airwaves
with our psychic powers.
And that is but a single fraction
of what we are truly capable of.
Our abilities are far superior
to all modern weaponry.
I warn you,
it's not advisable to oppose us.
We will soon control the world
using our psychic powers
and begin ruling
over you defenseless humans.
IT'S THE END OF THE WORLD LOL
The first step in our mission
is to completely demolish this country.
A new world order is about to begin.
I look forward to ruling you.
-[music fades]
-[Sho panting]
I can't believe it.
How dare you embarrass
your own son like this again?
-[ambitious music playing]
-I will be the one to defeat him!
FUKUDA - HIGASHIO - OTSUKI
-Got that, Ritsu?
-Got it.
-All right! Let's go!
-Hang on a second.
[Sho] You're still not on board
with this? What's the hold up?
What about my family's safety?
Oh. Don't worry about a thing,
'cause we have somebody
keeping a close eye on your parents
from a distance.
See? They're fine.
We told your mom and dad that you wanted
to do something nice for them,
so you entered a hot springs
hotel lottery and won!
And they totally fell for it!
[Ritsu] You were really
pushing it with a lie that big.
[music fades]
Their hotel doesn't have ties
to anything shady, does it?
[Sho] Hey, don't worry. They offer
traditional seafood, farm-fresh meals,
and accommodate allergies, too.
It's pretty posh.
That's not what I'm talking about!
And what about my brother?
He's still not answering his phone.
I'm sure he's safe. But he won't fight.
-I could see it in his eyes.
-[dramatic music playing]
He's not the type to blow up
without a really good reason.
I think I gave him
a pretty good one, though.
[Ritsu] What do you mean?
Did you do something
after we left the house?
Listen, if you did anything
that might've pissed my brother off,
-then you're in big trouble.
-[chuckles softly]
Sounds like you've had
a pretty hard life too, then.
Let me explain that plan
the boss was talking about.
600 PEOPLE
CLAW 1ST DIVISION LEADER
TAMAKI
In Japan, the total number of policemen
and military personnel
who have guns is roughly 600,000.
[Toichiro] As of this moment, the number
of agents in Claw stands around 600.
Each one of you will have to face
about 1,000 armed opponents in battle.
That shouldn't be a problem.
[Claw members murmur]
[member 3] How awesome!
That's our boss for ya!
[member 4] Who knew it'd be so easy?
[member 5] This actually seems possible
all of a sudden.
[music fades]
Can you really even call that a plan?
[Joseph] Doesn't seem likely to work,
does it?
-They're hopeless. How disappointing.
-[lighter flips open]
[squad member] What are ya thinking,
Joseph? Tell us.
[Joseph] Probably the same as you guys.
According to his logic, if each one
of us defeats about 120 people,
we can destroy Claw.
We're gonna start a mutiny?
That sounds like way more fun!
Yeah! I don't care what we do
as long as I can break stuff!
[Joseph] First, we need to make
an example of the upper echelon.
What? You wanna destroy the organization?
CLAW 1ST-6TH DIVISION LEADERS
-You're gonna give up future glory…
-[all gasp]
…for the sake of money?
What vile creatures you are.
I'll take care of you myself.
Come at me, cowards!
[gasps]
[laughs]
I'm gonna punch you.
Hope you can put up a barrier.
[Joseph] Claw's a dangerous
Esper organization, huh?
For a plot 20 years in the making,
it sure is full of holes.
[Toichiro] An elephant
that's about to crush 1,000 ants
has little to worry about.
Wouldn't you agree?
[chuckles] I'm really starting
to feel sorry for you.
You have no idea the Japanese government's
already watching you,
nor who it is that you're talking to.
So, were you the only spy here
sent by the government?
Afraid so.
But I found some others
with a taste for treason.
This organization will implode
before your plan can even begin.
-So…
-[Joseph gasps]
[Serizawa] President Suzuki took you in,
but you were lying to him?
How could you do something so awful?
-[Joseph] White Noise!
-[Serizawa] Whoa!
Impressive work.
Must be hard to move around in that.
[scoffs] Once it hardens,
it's as strong as steel.
-Anyone who gets caught in it-- [gasps]
-[explosion]
[Joseph] Miguel.
-[Toichiro] You said…
-[gasps]
…you felt sorry for me a moment ago,
didn't you? But now, I feel sorry for you.
[gasps]
No more extra work, okay?
I have enough to do as it is.
ULTIMATE 5
MINEGISHI
[Shibata] Well, well,
what a pathetic sight.
These guys are supposed
to be in our upper echelon.
And look at them now.
[grunts, yells]
[laughs] Seems we're the same type.
SHIBATA
ULTIMATE 5
[gasps]
The loss of my division leaders
won't be enough of a setback
for Claw to implode.
I've dubbed Claw's main force
the Ultimate 5.
As long as they're with me,
Claw is invincible.
This isn't over!
I can at least take you out!
What the hell?
[yells]
[Toichiro] Well done!
I knew it'd be a waste of your talents
to continue letting you be a shut-in.
Thanks! I re-entered society…
ULTIMATE 5
SERIZAWA
…because of you, sir!
Couldn't have done it without you!
So where's Shimazaki?
Haven't seen him in a while.
On an errand.
He's tending to another matter, now.
-[sirens wailing]
-[Joseph panting]
Damn them.
They're a bigger threat than we thought.
[Mitsuura] This meal was prepared
by the best chefs around!
Please, eat as much as you'd like.
I'm surprised that HQ hasn't attacked yet.
I mean, we could strike first.
But considering our numbers…
Well, Kageyama and I
equal at least 1,000 people.
That may be true, but nothing's starts
till the kid wakes up.
Stop eating all the roast beef,
Mohawk! There's a limit!
-Only three slices per person!
-Huh?
-Koyama, apologize to Master Reigen!
-Lay the hell off me!
[narrator] They didn't see
Claw's message on television.
[music fades]
In conclusion, by providing opportunities…
ON WOMEN'S EMPOWERMENT
LECTURER: PRIME MINISTER YABE HIROSHI
…to start their own businesses,
and expanding the range
of childcare benefits beyond the current…
[SPs grunt]
-[prime minister] …we can empower…
-[both grunt]
the women in our workforce
with the tools they--
-Huh?
-Greetings, Prime Minister.
I represent Claw, the organization
who declared they'd be taking over
the world last night.
ULTIMATE 5
SHIMAZAKI
You're in luck! Because today,
I've come here to abduct you.
-[gasps]
-[audience gasps, murmurs]
Prime Minister! Take cover!
-[SP 3] You're under arrest!
-[Shimazaki laughs]
[Shimazaki] By the way,
are you broadcasting this on TV?
It'd be awesome for this to end up
as a breaking news story.
-[crowd gasping, murmuring]
-Shut up! Now, freeze! You hear me?
-[SP 4] Does he have a gun?
-Put him down!
-Whoops, you missed.
-[gasps]
-[gunshots]
-[audience yelling]
[Shimazaki]
The thing is even though I can't see,
I can predict people's
movements and actions.
But even if I'm hit,
I have nothing to worry about.
See?
-[all gasp]
-[SP 5] No way!
[Shimazaki] Oh! Prime Minister!
Allow me to fill you in
on what my other special power is.
-[whimpers]
-Check it out.
[ominous music playing]
-[Shimazaki] I can teleport, too.
-[prime minister whimpers]
What's the meaning of this?
What is it you hope to achieve
by kidnapping me?
You're only a hostage, that's all.
Is Claw serious
about this "world domination" crap?
-[Shimazaki] Oh, yeah. Very much so.
-[prime minister yelps]
[gasps]
-[music fades]
-That was sneaky. Who are you?
[Teru] Someone who saw
the broadcast and rushed here,
then I sensed you two in this park.
If you think everything in life
goes exactly the way you planned it,
then let me teach you a lesson
by taking you down.
What an odd reply to my question.
Whatever. Give it a shot, if you like.
[Teru] Telekinetic Explosion!
Air Whips!
Where'd he go? [groans]
[Teru] What?
I was too careless! Pyrokinesis!
[gasps, whimpers]
[Teru] I lost sight of him again.
Is this guy's power…
-Looking for me?
-[gasps, yelps]
[grunts]
[pants]
Super speed movement? In that case…
Multi-Layer Barrier!
[Teru] My new technique,
where I overlap multiple barriers,
it should be enough to hold him off
until the others get here.
-Aren't you multi-talented?
-[Teru gasps]
-[Teru] He's that quick?
-Thanks for entertaining me.
-[music fades]
-[Teru groans]
[Sakurai] Hanazawa! Hey! Wake up!
[Koyama] Why the hell'd
you run off on your own?
[“Memosepia” playing]
[singing in Japanese]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] The Ultimate 5 of Claw
terrorize Seasoning City.
Meanwhile, the Esper squad
and the boss's son, Sho, make their moves.
This is no time to be sleeping, Mob!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode ten,
"Collision ~Power Type~"
What do I recommend? The convenient
Blu-ray set with bonus features!